# Learning report

## Summary

Having a limited knowledge of big data, I began this assignment by scouring
the internet for information on the topic. The search led me to informative
articles from industry leaders such as Red Hat, MongoDB and Google discussing
the importance and modern applications of big data. I was able to compose an
essay with a better grasp of this subject, completing the first part of the
assignment.

The next tasks required a knowledge of SQLite and its official Python package,
[sqlite3](https://docs.python.org/3/library/sqlite3.html). They involve
executing SQL queries and reporting back the results on the command-line
interface. Since sub-problem 2C about inner join does not specify the author's
name, I created an input mechanism allowing a customizable search. The last
homework part was to write this report.

## Question 1

> Did you successfully get your assignment done? Did it run? Any error? Did you
  get the correct result? Did you test your program thoroughly?

I strongly believe I have completed the assignment with no errors. However, I
apologize for placing `books.db` and `books.sql` in the root directory.
Blackboard does not allow uploading directories without compressing them.

## Question 2

> How much time did you spend to complete your assignment?

I required roughly two days to complete this assignment, with the first one
wholly dedicated to brushing up on SQL concepts and syntaxes.

## Question 3

> Did you find the assignment easy or challenging for you?

The assignment is only less challenging than the previous one about machine
learning because of our prior experience with SQL. I presume most students have
finished database lectures before taking this course.

## Question 4

> Did you write the program yourself? Did you get any help from anyone?

I wrote the program myself, with no help from anyone. I did, however, reference
several other sources as the basis of my essay.

## Question 5

> When you encountered obstacles to complete your program, how did you resolve
  the issues? Did you use Google to get help? Describe how Google was abled or
  not able to assist you?

Since this assignment is heavily based on reading and writing on big data
subjects, Google is the most sensible option for finding relatable news articles
and scholarly papers. I also used Google to redirect myself to the Python SQLite
documentation to understand the workflow of local databases.

## Question 6

> What did you learn from doing this assignment?

I learned that the triple string quotes in Python are not only suitable as
docstring declarations but also for writing multi-line SQL statements. I also
learned how to use `sqlite3` to interact with local storage.

## Question 7

> Any other information you would like to share with your instructor? Make sure
  you provide program output on each option.

In other programming languages, packages like `sqlite3` and `tkinter` do not
usually come pre-installed with the standard library. I vividly remember having
to search for third-party libraries and configure connection strings in Java,
C# and JavaScript. Perhaps this is what they mean by Python's "batteries
included" philosophy, a term I have heard many times but never fully understood
until now.
