# Learning report

## Summary

To begin the homework, I created a Jupyter Notebook file and initially filled it
with problem descriptions from the homework document file. Using Anaconda
Navigator, I installed a third-party Seaborn package in the base environment. I
imported the necessary CSV files from Blackboard to analyze.

I then proceeded to solve each problem one by one by referring to the Seaborn
documentation. This homework also utilizes components of the Pandas package that
we have previously learned. I began writing the solution after reading a few
examples in the official sample. I tested each plot by running the code and
verifying the output, which then double-checked with the expected output
attached to the question sheet. Finally, the source code and its submission are
synced to a cloud provider like GitHub for personal checkpoint.

## Question 1

> Did you successfully get your assignment done? Did it run? Any error? Did you
  get the correct result? Did you test your program thoroughly?

I have completed the assignment and it ran with no errors. Unfortunately, my
solution to problem 6 is unfinished because it does not yet group each bar plot
with passenger identification (man, woman, child).

## Question 2

> How much time did you spend to complete your assignment?

Being pressed with other active academic projects, I had one day to finish this
homework. I utilized the full hours plus the extra few hours for late
submission.

## Question 3

> Did you find the assignment easy or challenging for you?

Problem 6 is particularly challenging because it involves manipulating
`DataFrame` and `Series` before displaying them in graphical plots. Seaborn
documentation is also less detailed than Matplotlib, complicating the studying
process.

## Question 4

> Did you write the program yourself? Did you get any help from anyone?

I vouch that I write the program alone.

## Question 5

> When you encountered obstacles to complete your program, how did you resolve
  the issues? Did you use Google to get help? Describe how Google was able or
  not able to assist you?

When encountering a technical issue, a community-run forum like StackOverflow is
a great place to be. However, Google is usually the priority since it can be
used to find specific documentation.

## Question 6

> What did you learn from doing this assignment?

I learned that even though Seaborn uses Matplotlib internally, it is easier to
use with its simpler APIs.

## Question 7

> Any other information you would like to share with your instructor? Make sure
  you provide program output on each option.

I apologize for the late submission, I promise to do better for the next
homework. Having failed to complete problem 6, I would also love to see the
correct solution.
